A NEW BEGINNING
EN ROUTE TO ASTERIA-04
ILU NAUTILUS // 01.12.503 CE
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1444287243463295147/1444287325059153942/space.jpg?ex=692c28e3&is=692ad763&hm=cee999188f4880c5d8bdd04b75c7b961fabe8c14ff359c5517d288bfedb4ac0b&=&format=webp&width=1152&height=648

## --- INITIATING LOG ---
_"Shit, how does this thing work again? Oh for fuck's sake, get that BUN-E model off my console kid. How did I end up in this fucking mess? Anyway..."_ The log pauses with a deep sigh, before the narrator continues. 
_"It's been years since I've done this. Uh... Commander Dann Antares of **ILU Nautilus**, active operator to the budding Lancers on board and the best smuggler this corner of the **Hesperian System**. Well, that'd be a damn dignified intro if we weren't on the run from **Asteria-09's Colonial Defense Forces** at least. Goddamn **Hadrians** and their shotguns. At least the newbies turned them into good scrap for repairs. Speaking of..."_ 
The man speaking turns away from the mic and screams to a person in the background. _"HEY YOU, YEAH, YOU. STOP HITTING THE FUCKING CALIBRATOR OK? I TOLD YOU IT AIN'T GONNA WORK TWICE LIKE THAT! AND YEAH, FOCUS ON THAT FUCKING CASTLE OR WHATEVER IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE! DO YOU KNOW HOW HARD IT WAS TO FIND COMPATIBLE PARTS TO FIX THE GENERATOR? NO KID, GET OFF THE-"_ 
Silence falls for a while, before the man returns. _"Crisis averted. Things have gotten a bit too lively for my tastes. But hey, they make for good bodyguards at least. We'll see if our luck persists when we reach **Asteria-04**. It's gonna take a lot of dough to turn this venture around."_
## --- LOG END ---
