A HUSK FLOATING IN NOTHINGNESS
CRUCIBLE EXCURSION ZONE
RLC NAUTILUS // 07.01.504 CE
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1444287243463295147/1444287324606431284/cez.jpg?ex=692c28e3&is=692ad763&hm=2fc0679a73b9aad111832a60cebbc17ccb24948a1f902af902666108796b547a&=&format=webp&width=2247&height=1265
#
## --- INITIATING LOG ---
*"This is Dann Antares, acting operator of the Royal Lancer Corporation and captain of its ship-based headquarters, the RLC Nautilus. We're currently returning from an excursion deep in the Crucible Exclusion Zone and well..."* The man seems deeply worried. *"Some things were meant to stay in there, I reckon. Going through logs from the frames the guys were riding, I can certainly tell something disturbing was happening in that facility. Biomechanical frames... I thought they were impossible to make. Perhaps there's more to the destruction of Crucible than meets the eye. And that... Octopus thing... Just disturbing. I tried to track it and the crazy reaper woman through sensors but they disappeared in the depths of the zone. I struggle to imagine what would happen if that thing was left to roam at large."* He sighs. *"The good news are that we managed to retrieve some information from there which the gang determined should be handed over to both sides. May be a bit unwise, given what was in there, but it gives us some breathing room to read between the lines. Not to mention... Maybe playing them will get us back to Asteria-09. I bet everyone's curious to see what the hell was going on in that facility. Let's hope we survive that long. Antares out."*
## --- LOG END ---
