BACK TO BUSINESS
ABOARD THE RLC NAUTILUS
RLC NAUTILUS // 20.03.504 CE
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1444287243463295147/1444287971892264960/SHOT01_HANGAR.jpg?ex=692c297e&is=692ad7fe&hm=fe8c71a83413b50b63dba7be4a323dcabe540f2b019a2ef97fb955a47974bb53&=&format=webp&width=2261&height=1265

*"This is Dann Antares, acting operator of the Royal Lancer Corporation and captain of its ship-based headquarters, the RLC Nautilus. After a holiday vacation gone wrong and several mishaps along the way, the RLC has managed to restore Atlas Interplanetery System Report functionality to almost half the Atlas System. For our valiant efforts and service to the Atlas Corporation, we have been awarded with... Oh. Of course. More work. Go figure. Yeah, ignoring the lofty promise of "exposure", the bigwigs decided that the reward in this case will be the restoration of activities and as such, the contracts that actually DO pay. Figures. It's not all grim news however, as they have also gracefully given us the unique opportunity to have another member join the Royals. I am proud to announce that we have been assigned Lia, callsign I-DOL to our corporation. Surely this is not babysitting an unstable, aloof marketing ploy on legs. Not that it'd be news to me, Granny and I have been babysitting the rest of these guys for ages now. Speaking of..."* The man interrupts. *"HEY, WHAT THE HELL ARE YOU DOING WITH THAT BUN-E UNIT? AND WHO IN THE NAME OF THE EMPRESS IS BLASTING THESE SONGS ALL DAY LONG? LIA, LIAAAAAAA! TURN IT DOWN! For fuck's sake, where the hell is Ellie when I need her?"*
