# Mission // #002b
# Requestor: Atlas Corporation
## Mission Title: Exterminate the Jagiellons

Welcome to Atlas Corporation's official mercenary aptitude test. In order to appraise your squad's overall experience and reliability in the field, you have been assigned the eviction of former affiliate company, codename "Jagiellons" from an under-construction section of artificial colony Asteria-04. You are free to use whatever methods at your disposal in order to achieve this goal. **You are authorized to use lethal force for this engagement.** As part of this request, Atlas Corporation offers the following intel as a token of potential future cooperation:

1. The Jagiellons are a novice team, meaning they'll not be as troublesome as seasoned fighters. They are, however, a mercenary company. Expect a lethal confrontation.
2. The company's main strategy revolves around the long-range frame, codename "Hayha" providing support to the squad's leader, who rides the mobile frame "Threshold".
3. Threshold will be supported by the twin pilots riding the controller-type frames "Maxwell" and "Faraday". They are not priority targets but might get in the way of terminating the leader.
4. Finally, the company uses a support type frame that can deploy shields to further cover its backrow and allow for tech based attacks. Please, proceed with caution.

Please review the listed objectives below for further information.

# Objectives
- Terminate mercenary company "Jagiellons".
# Bonus Objectives
- Atlas has a reputation of professionalism to uphold. You are requested to avoid damage to the property in the construction area.
# Rewards
- This mission's completion is listed on your mercenary contract as mandatory for the document to be officiated. Failure to comply will be considered a breach of contract and will ban you from future cooperation with Atlas Corporation.

# Reserves
- None at this time.

