# Mission // #003-2
# Requestor: Asteria-05 Administration
# Mission Class: Class II
## Mission Title: Emergency Repairs

Greetings mercenaries. We have received a petition from the administration of Asteria-05. Our operator will begin explaining the situation.

*"This request concerns a key piece of machinery used to maintain Asteria-05's gravitational simulation system. As most of you are probably aware, Asteria-05 is quite close to where the artificial planet Crucible used to be situated. After the planet's destruction, a concerning amount of radiation and debris leaked into the surrounding region, making it uninhabitable and dangerous for most people, especially travellers. However, it turns out that this has also impacted the settlements close to the planet. A recent bombardment of debris, pulled towards Asteria-03 due to its size, has damaged a critical piece of infrastracture, responsible for the colony's gravitational system. The contractor wants you to explore an abandoned facility that used to make these very particular devices, as repairs have proven to be challenging. You will be informed of the specifics after accepting the contract from the client themselves."*

# Objectives
- Restore the colony's gravitational system.
# Bonus Objectives
- While dangerous, the exploration of abandoned facilities could yield some quite interesting and often exotic tech. Securing such equipment for the Atlas Corporation would be seen as highly efficient from your part and a proof of your commitment to our continued cooperation.
# Rewards
- 60% of the money offered by the client. Progress towards mercenary company's internal rank advancement.

# Reserves
- Due to the company's professional conduct during their last mission, Atlas Corporation is open to offering material assistance or intel for this mission. You may ask for said assistance before or during the mission. Atlas Corporation is unable to offer supporting units for this engagement.
