# Mission // #003-1
# Requestor: Oliver Conrad
# Mission Class: Class II
## Mission Title: Investigate Sabotage

Greetings mercenaries. This request comes from **Oliver Conrad**, a representative of the farmers working on artificial colony **Asteria-03**. Please, pay attention to the following message.

*"Howdy. My name is Oliver Conrad. I am making this request on behalf of my fellow colleagues and citizens. Recently, we've noticed severe acts of vandalism, committed against our very livelihoods: Our crops and farms. Our efforts to find who's behind these attacks have proven fruitless and we are at our wits' end. Ever since the war started, we have depended on our rich yields, facilitated by the colony's specialized design, in order to mitigate losses that we incured from tariffs imposed by both sides, due to our stance of neutrality. Trade is limited and dangerous and as such, is not a long-term option. Please, help us figure out what's going on.  We don't have much to offer, but we have managed to collect a sizable sum of **tokens** between all of us. We await your response."*

# Objectives
- Find the culprit behind the ransacking of colonial farming units.
# Bonus Objectives
- Asteria-03 is a small colony that depends on their production for survival. Atlas projects that preventing the destruction of further equipment would lead to a more favorable stance from its populace towards the corporation and the mercenaries who will be undertaking this mission. Please keep that in mind while on the field.
# Rewards
- 40% of the money offered by the client. Progress towards mercenary company's internal rank advancement.

# Reserves
- Due to the company's professional conduct during their last mission, Atlas Corporation is open to offering material assistance or intel for this mission. You may ask for said assistance before or during the mission. Atlas Corporation is unable to offer supporting units for this engagement.

