# Mission // #004
# Requestor: League of Autonomous Colonies / The Hesperian Alliance
# Mission Class: Class III
## Mission Title: Crucible Exclusion Zone Reconnaissance

This mission is exclusive to the Royal Lancer Corporation. Please pay attention to the following message.

*"Hello Lancers. My name is **Samantha Caine**, your liaison and contact on the field. It's a pleasure to get to brief you on a potential contract. This is a mission that has been requested by both the **League of Autonomous Colonies** and **The Hesperian Alliance**. It seems that the factions have taken notice to your previous excursion into the forbidden zone and your subsequent return. As such, they both appear to be interested in employing your skills in order to gain intel in an otherwise very obfuscated area of the Atlas System, mainly the sector's southernmost point, inbetween Asteria-05 and Asteria-06, where a lot of merchant ships have gone missing over the years. Atlas Corporation has taken upon itself to provide you assistance by pointing out the location of a potential wreckage, which managed to send out a distress signal. While said signal was corrupted and couldn't be interpreted, it has helped us triangulate the ship's location. You are asked to investigate on behalf of either faction and find information regarding its fate."*

# Objectives
- Access the ship's black box and find out the cause of its destruction.
- Identify any potential attackers.
# Bonus Objectives
- If the cause of the ship's destruction was not a result of a radiation burst, destroy any suspect objects involved with the incident.
- While the Atlas Corporation cannot dictate company allegiances, we ask that you try and find a way to appease both L.A.C and Hesperian Alliance. Doing so will improve our standing with the two factions and further prove our commitment to client satisfaction.
# Rewards
- 80% of the tokens offered by the client. Advancement to **CLASS IV**.

# Reserves
- Due to the CEZ's unique properties, Atlas Corporation is unable to provide backup for this mission.

