# Mission // #005
# Requestor: Midway-03 Administration / League of Autonomous Colonies
# Mission Class: Class IV
## Mission Title: A Pirate's Life for Me

This is a request from the administration of Midway-03. Please, pay attention to the following message.

*"Greetings. I am administator Marina Sutton of Midway-03. I'll cut to the chase. We have been engaged across several fronts in small skirmishes with the Hesperian Alliance, rendering our forces unable to respond to more... domestic threats. More specifically, we have been dealing with a recent surge of pirate activity in the immediate region. This has not only affected our supply chains between us and the rest of our allies in the LAC but more importantly, crucial shipments of weaponry and other materials inbound from neutral colonies, mainly Asteria-09. We fear that long-term engagements will only exarcabate the issue, forcing us to contract mercenaries to deal with this threat. Please, meet me on Midway-03 so we can discuss the matter."*

# Objectives
- Escort merchant ship to Asteria-09's sphere of jurisdication.
- Fight off pirate attacks.
# Bonus Objectives
- Should a base of operations be determined, we ask that it is assaulted and promptly destroyed. While this will not deal with the pirate problem forever, it will deal a major blow, forcing them to regroup and allowing Midway-03 troops more time to return to base and resume patrol activities.
# Rewards
- 70% of the tokens offered by the client.

# Reserves
- None at this time.

