# Mission // #006-1
# Requestor: Commander Thaddeus Cromwell / The Hesperian Alliance
# Mission Class: Class IV
## Mission Title: Winds of Dust

This is a request from the commander Thaddeus Cromwell, currently in charge of the Hesperian forces stationed on Scirocco. Please, pay attention to the following message.

*"Greetings soldiers. I am Commander Cromwell of the Hesperian Alliance. By royal decree, I have been authorized to delegate a delicate matter concerning the imperial forces to any mercenaries looking to offer their services. Let's not waste any time and get down to business. It is no secret that Scirocco is one of the lifelines of the empire. Its desert soil, while barren and unable to bear fruit, serves as the perfect bedrock for the formation of many precious minerals, vital for the production of weaponry and equipment. As of late, surface-level supply lines have been under attack of independent mercenaries, no doubt hired by the L.A.C. I would normally deal with this myself, but we are currently locked in a struggle against Acree-04, an artificial colony that has aligned itself with the League. As such, I have no men to spare. The supply lines are more vital than ever, as the cargo carried is sorely needed, in order to reinforce the front and possible save a lot of lives.  That's where you come in. I look forward to a positive response. Cromwell out."*

# Objectives
- Protect Hesperian supply lines and ensure cargo leaves the surface.
# Bonus Objectives
- Wipe out any enemy units.
# Rewards
- 75% of the tokens offered by the client.

# Reserves
- None at this time.

