007-1
Eye for an Eye
available

# Mission // #007-1
# Requestor: Atlas Corporation
# Mission Class: Class V
## Mission Title: Eye for an Eye

This is a request from the Atlas Corporation, the premiere mercenary company in the Atlas system.

*"Greetings Lancers, this is **Samantha Caine**. I am happy to once again offer you a contract on behalf of the Atlas Corporation. As you are aware, the Titan Conglomerate sabotaged our Atlasnet-dependent operations by damaging several important data relays throughout the Atlas system. We have managed, with help from you and other contractors, to restore our coverage. However, in order to send a message to Titan, we intend to strike back by disrupting the successful conduct of several contracts they have undertaken for major clients. This will be a combined effort with other Atlas-employed mercenary companies and we would like to include you in this initiative. We have received intel that Titan has deployed a mercenary team of their own to escort a wealthy Hesperian businessman from Moebius to the colony of Asteria-08, as a responce to recently heightened pirate activity. You are to engage the mercenary company, wipe them out and take the transport hostage by pretending to be pirates yourselves. Then, you will deliver the VIP to a location shared to you after the acceptance of this contract. We await for your response."*

# Objectives
- Take the VIP hostage.
- Deliver the VIP to the appointed location.

# Bonus Objectives
- Humiliate the Titan Conglomerate operatives.

# Rewards
- 75% of the tokens offered by the client.
- Completion of bonus objective will determine additional reward at the discretion of the Atlas Corporation.

# Reserves
- None at this time.